well since Miami mutual bank how am I
help you I'd like to cash this check
here and then I'd like to take you out
for a steak dinner
[Music]
lady Jung she is open it's been a while
since I've done this which one is the
jump seat again this is irrefutable
evidence that the defendant is lying
special agent Hanratty FBI hello Karl
you're gonna get caught it's like Vegas
the house always wins something that's
flying around the country posing as a
pilot and calling the James Bond of the
sky okay I concur dr. Harris yes do you
concur concur with what sir ma'am I'm
sorry to have to tell you you satisfied
your checks have a payroll a church now
just tell me how much yours and I'll pay
you back 1.3 million dollars self
America Australia Singapore these are so
perfect the bankers even know the
difference what do you want to apologize
you didn't call to apologize did you you
have no one else to call I'm looking for
your son I would never give up my son if
you were a father you know
stop chasing me I can't stop it's my job
see these people staring at you they
keep peeking over their shoulders
wondering where you going tonight where
are you going honey
don't tell me not the flower simply got
to if someone takes a spill it's me and
not you don't bring around on the cloud
of terrain on my parade so we're gonna
let him get away
Oh Carl you let him get away nobody
[Music]
I'm getting close on you will go to
prison you're gonna have to catch me
[Music]